# VL-RedBack Mentor Meeting 4

**Date & Time:** 11/Apr./2024, 15:15-15:45

**Participant & Role:**
|Project Mentor|Product Owner|Scrum Master|Subteam Leader|Subteam Leader|Member|Member|
|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
|Sabel Wang|Tianyi Zhong|Keang Lyu|Shanqing Huang|Yinuo Li|Wenquan Wan|Mo Chen|

### Action Items:

- Make more personas.

- Modify current student one persona.

- Modify user stories.

### Decisions:

- Prepare agenda for meetings.
- User stories should not be too specific, too technical.
- Split personas for creators and viewers. And explain which personas is in which user group.

### Question & Answer:

#### Q: Where should we write change log in readme file or?

A: In the readme file.

#### Q: What should be in changelog?

A: What have changed in the repository. Like what files have been added and updated. But meeting minutes should be "Document more meetings", no need to list all specific files.

#### Q: What should be in the project structure section in the readme file?

A: Important files, and help navigating the project, like specify what folders do. But it's good to have project background and requirements solicitation there.

#### Q: Should we divide user stories to smallest?

A: No. But small enough that one like your client, PO or anyone on the team can look at it and know specifically waht the system is going to do.

### Meeting Recording:

[The video recording of the meeting is on OneDrive](https://unimelbcloud-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/keangl_student_unimelb_edu_au/EX8upB7HVeVJmqQB7eTQC7QBi-IolbNaYZ3rUFJxd5H-Rw?e=fIdlT1)
