e# VL-RedBack Mentor Meeting 7

**Date & Time:** 2/May/2024, 15:17-15:40

**Participant & Role**
|Project Mentor|Product Owner|Scrum Master|Subteam Leader|Subteam Leader|QA Leader|QA Leader  |Scrum Master|Member   |
| ------------ |-------------|------------|--------------|--------------|---------| --------- | ---------- | ------- |
|Sabel Wang    |Tianyi Zhong |Keang Lyu   |Shanqing Huang|Yinuo Li      |Mo Chen  |Hengjia Cao|Mingyang Lai|Zhuyun Lu|

### Agenda

- Discuss on our performance in Sprint 2.
- Demonstrate our modification based on the feedback.
- Report current progress.

### Notes

- Demonstrated our modification to the user stories that we removed non-functional requirements.
- The mentor made suggestions on our User Stories
    - Repeat less in justification.
    - Create a legend for the MOSCOW priority.
- Asked the mentor for clarification on what to do on personas.
    - Personas should be more realistic.
    - Justify why we haven't for example split up. Explain our justification for going with one persona for teacher.
    - Frustractions should be related more general to the project.
- Mentor mentioned that she did not meet any students who like actively think about VR and want a VR experience more so. But might meet students that struggle to understand complex concepts when they are just explained to them or writtenr on a textbook or when they just see formulas wheras if they can visualize it and interact with it, they might benefit from that more.
- Mentor mentioned that marks for last sprint were generally lower.
- Mentor mentioned that the Accept Criteria will be in Sprint 4 and Sprint 4 is extended.
- Mentor mentioned that make sure to document changes we made on how we changed them and what feedback was provided and stuff like that as detailed as possible.
- Mentor suggested to make a visual guide so that we can make something looks good and consistent.
- Mentor suggested on link User Stories ID to tasks.

### Action Items

No specific tasks were assigned to specific member in this meeting.

### Decision Items.

- Write down the feedback from the client.
- Write down action items that will that will be corected in the high fidelity prototype.

### FAQ

#### Q: Should we make flow charts for our logic of the low fidelity prototype?

A: I think because you have a slide, instead have to make a flowchart, I think you can just save the slide to the github. So markers can interact with it themselves.

### Meeting Recording

[The video recording of the meeting is on OneDrive](https://unimelbcloud-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/keangl_student_unimelb_edu_au/EXqVYG3zgLVNof9JJVE4mfUBBq3cGKY6ap8K9XahcRtznA?e=LsEEUU)