# VL-RedBack Mentor Meeting 6

**Date & Time:** 25/Apr./2024, 15:15-15:47

**Participant & Role**
|Project Mentor|Product Owner|Scrum Master|Subteam Leader|Subteam Leader|QA Leader|QA Leader  |Scrum Master|Member   | Member    |
| ------------ |-------------|------------|--------------|--------------|---------| --------- | ---------- | ------- | --------- |
|Sabel Wang    |Tianyi Zhong |Keang Lyu   |Shanqing Huang|Yinuo Li      |Mo Chen  |Hengjia Cao|Mingyang Lai|Zhuyun Lu|Wenquan Wan|

### Agenda

#### Questions to ask

- On instruction panel, should it be detailed instruction or just title saying "Moveing Tip".

- In buttons, should we put an icon or just a box as placeholder icon?

### Notes

- Reported current progress.
- The mentor mentioned that we can address multiple user stories in a single scenario in Usability Tests. Just quote User Stories ID when referring in Usability Tests.
- The mentor give advices in User Stories and Acceptance Criteria.
- The condition in Acceptance Criteria should be a state such as "Given I have scanned an 3D object and I have the file, when I click `import` button..." for U1.3
- Mentor suggested that think twice when adding more user stories. It should be doable for a team in one semester.
- Mentor mentioned that things like `performance` and `usability` are non-functional requirements.
- Mentor specifies that User Stories should be easy to verify, estimate.
- Mentor recommend to make user stories as short and simple as possible and spend some time reviewing and refining our user stories. Make them clearer and simpler and more focused on action that the user is taking.
- Mentor recommend put ceremonies in separate folders.
- Mentor mentioned that we have to ensure that reviewer of a task should be different from people who did the task.
- Mentor suggest that we can do stand-up asynchronously and Scrum Master for example can look it on Tuesday and make sure that everyone has done their stand up. We do not have to meet up at the same time.

### Action Items

No specific tasks were assigned to specific member in this meeting.

### Decision Items.

- Remove some newly added functions.
- Move User Stories that are not describing specific features to Non-Functional Requirements.
- Split Planning, Reviewing, Retrospective and Stand-ups. Stand-ups can be in the same file.

### FAQ

#### Q: Do we have to do Usability Tests with other people who is not our client?

A: No, it is not required, it's optional. As long as you do a usability test with someone, and that can be your client.

#### Q: What's the size of the other team? (The team that will take over the project in next semester)

A: It should be the same size as your team.

#### Q: Should we put an icon in buttons instead of a box as placeholder?

A: Personally I think icons are fine. And I want to double check if everyone agrees.

#### Q: Is it OK to put that detailed instruction tip?

A: I think it's OK. I think for this kind of software you need to have some sort of level of instruction, especially if you are targeting people who might not be technically inclined. And if you are thinking about this for the context of a low fidelity prototype, I think that is OK.

#### Q: When can we get our feedback from last sprint?

A: Hopefully, by Monday, next week.

### Meeting Recording

[The video recording of the meeting is on OneDrive](https://unimelbcloud-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/keangl_student_unimelb_edu_au/EU5V2c5u4_lKrjvTcAdxUN8B4Z7uDgdc-myrpS4I78rzPw?e=7f5MWG)