e# VL-RedBack Mentor Meeting 8

**Date & Time:** 9/May/2024, 15:15-15:38

**Participant & Role**

| Project Mentor | Product Owner | Scrum Master | Subteam Leader | Subteam Leader | QA Leader | QA Leader   | Scrum Master | Member    | Member       |
| -------------- | ------------- | ------------ | -------------- | -------------- | --------- | ----------- | ------------ | --------- | ------------ |
| Sabel Wang     | Tianyi Zhong  | Keang Lyu    | Shanqing Huang | Yinuo Li       | Mo Chen   | Hengjia Cao | Mingyang Lai | Zhuyun Lu | Wenquan Wang |

### Agenda

* Feedback on Usability Test Documentation
* Review of Low Fidelity Prototype Documentation
* Report progress on High Fidelity Prototype
* Discussion on Plugin Usage and Presentation Opportunities

### Meeting Summary:

* **Feedback on Usability Test Documentation:**
  Mentor provided feedback on the usability test documentation, emphasizing the importance of including links to usability tests in the main documentation page. It was suggested to reference specific tasks for feedback comments and to clarify client-driven changes in the documentation.
* **Review of Low Fidelity Prototype Documentation:**
  Mentor expressed satisfaction with the low fidelity prototype documentation, highlighting the clear progression and inclusion of comparison screens. Minor suggestions were made regarding client feedback attribution.
* **Report progress on High Fidelity Prototype:**
  Team presented the current progress on the high fidelity prototype, showcasing a lecture room environment and object interaction functionalities. Concerns were raised regarding the use of paid plugins and their compatibility for future teams.
* **Discussion on Plugin Usage and Presentation Opportunities:**
  Mentor raised concerns about the legality and accessibility of paid plugins for future teams. It was suggested to seek clarification from the teaching team regarding plugin usage. Additionally, the possibility of presenting the prototype during lecture sessions was discussed, pending completion of essential functionalities.

### Action Items:

* Continue developing high fidelity prototype functionalities.
* Prepare for presentation opportunities during lecture sessions.

### FAQ

#### Q: We decide to use some paid us paid plugin from the asset store. Is that okay?

A: If you pay for that. I don't think you shouldn't be paying your own money to do these.

### Meeting Recording

[Click here to watch meeting recording](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IlyvCjrLdE9iAPcIPZabfkiAnZOn4pto/view?usp=sharing)
