# VL-RedBack Team Meeting 3

**Date & Time:** 12/Apr/2024, 19:00-19:30

**Participant & Role:**
|Product Owner|Scrum Master|Subteam Leader|Subteam Leader|Member|Member|Member|Member|Member|
|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|-------|
|Tianyi Zhong|Keang Lyu|Shanqing Huang|Yinuo Li|Mo Chen|Hengjia Cao|Mingyang Lai|Zhuyun Lu|Wenquan Wan|

## Agenda:

- Discuss the modification of Personas.
- Discuss the modification of User Stories.
- Discuss the modification to Readme file.
- Ask Scrum Master to fix the repository structure.

## Action Items:

|Actions|Asignee(s)|Due Data|Priority|
|-|-|-|-|
|Modify Persona FK|Zhuyun Lu|15, April, 2024|High|
|Modify User Stories, make them more closer to non-technical users|Wenquan Wan, Mingyang Lai|15, April, 2024|High|
|Modify Readme to simplify Repository Structure part.|Mo Chen|15, April, 2024|Average|
|Add Changelog in the Readme.| Tianyi Zhong| 15, April, 2024| High|
|Add a Markdown file to specify the process of making persona|Zhuyun Lu, Tianyi Zhong| 15, April, 2024|High|
|Fix the folder naming|Keang Lyu|12, April, 2024|High|

## Decisions:

- Save current user stories which is too technical for future acceptance criteria.
- Student in the context must be the one attend VR class not invlove development.
- Unify list to bullet list.

### Meeting Recording:

This meeting have no recording.
