# VL-RedBack Client Meeting 3

**Date & Time:** 23/Apr/2024, 15:30-16:00

**Participant & Role:**
|Client      |Product Owner|Scrum Master|Subteam Leader|Subteam Leader|QA Leader  |Member   |
|------------|-------------|------------|--------------|--------------| --------- | ------- |
|Shannon Rios|Tianyi Zhong |Keang Lyu   |Shanqing Huang|Yinuo Li      |Hengjia Cao|Zhuyun Lu|

### Agendas

- Check tasks we made.
- Check the overall design we made.
- Question: During playing session, should we allow teachers to edit the environment?

### Notes

- Showed the whole prototype to the client.
- The client suggest to allow users to input value in the Size section.
- The client suggest a `snapping` feature for moving the objects.
- The client suggest to make folder to group items in assets.
- The client suggest to bind controls on object to shortcuts.
- Confirmed the usability test tasks.
- THe client suggest that in "Navigate the environment" shoud be more like interact with the environment. Something like push a button, then plays an animation.

### Action Items

No actions are arranged in this meeting.

### Decision Items

- Allow users to input size values.
- Allow to directly move objects by mouse.
- Remove Gender and Shape controls from player edit interface.
- Next meeting is at Building 166, room 131 from 3 pm to 4 pm.

### FAQ

#### Q: During playing session, should we allow teachers to edit the environment?

A: No. For long term, maybe. But not necessary.

#### Q: For dragging assets, do you mean the teacher can drag objects outside folders or from assets.

A: Drag from outside would be a nice to have, but certainly not a must to have.

### Meeting Recording

[The video recording of the meeting is on OneDrive](https://unimelbcloud-my.sharepoint.com/:v:/g/personal/keangl_student_unimelb_edu_au/ERxR6_Ge7gVAvyQH0pjSCGYBLU9MN_VWtW889dPIZonGQg?e=oK2w89)

